Refer to Debian with an attribute (#3660)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Managing_Security_Compliance/master.adoc

= {ManagingSecurityDocTitle}

ifdef::foreman-deb[]

> This feature is not available for hosts running {DL}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is not available for {Project} on {DL}.
```

I checked via `rg -i scap` in foreman-packaging on deb/develop. This means that the comment is true and you cannot use this feature if Foreman runs on Debian/Ubuntu because we do not package the foreman_openscap plugin.
